-*- outline -*-


* Bugs

This is the list of known bugs in vc-clearcase.el

** When trying to merge revisions (`vc-merge') on a file that is not
checked-out, vc asks for a checkout, but that the comment window pops
up, and vc-merge assumes the file was already checked out.  We need to
do an automatic checkout in this case, but how do we detect it?

** `vc-clearcase-merge' and `vc-clearcase-merge-news' can only succeed
They signal an error if the merge is not trivial.  clearcase merge has
no equivalent of the CVS conflict markers (that I know of).  Also, the
vc package can only resolve CVS style conflicts.

** vc-clearcase-checkout will run the vc-before-checkin-hook
This is because vc-clearcase-checkout will call vc-start-entry to get
the checkout message.  The functionality in vc-start-entry is not
trivial, and I don't want to reproduce it.  A possible solution is to
read the checkout mesage from the minibuffer.


* New Features

** allow expanding of revision strings

This will avoid the need to type a full path for a revision.  The idea
is: if revision is a number, it should expand to the file's base +
that number, if the revision is name/number we should search for
'name' as a branch and use that revision (involves finding out about
all the branches), and if the revision starts with a '/' just leave it
in place.

This can be complicated since some branch types can appear multiple
times.

** provide filter functions for the mode-line string.

This wil reduce its length.  For example, VTK_Iteration12_patch should
e reduced to VTK_I~12_pat.  This should be configurable, as other
sites will have different needs.  (This is implemented, but it applies
a fixed set of replacements).

** update vc-clearcase-merge to only add merge hyperlinks
instead of doing actual merges when the prefix arg is specified.  This
will require a change to vc-clearcase-merge (see note).
